hey guys what's going on welcome back to
another Mills from addict no paper
episode so in this episode I'm gonna be
visiting your black demons all of you
new subscribers and viewers and stuff
like that if you haven't seen the first
episode of this series it's pretty much
just where I try to obtain as much money
as I can from 500 magic no papers per
episode so yeah like I said I'm going to
black demons to basically see how much I
can make from there drops as well as
their XP cuz I do want to get to a 90
attack so I can use drywall's eventually
but your lashes my plan for this episode
luckily I did manage to get a large XP
lamp and also a large woman star for
attack which also gives me a bit of an
XP boost and bonus for each kill just
for a little while so it wears off but
my setup in terms of armor and weapons
is pretty much just the usual bandits
like a normally wear with my 99 5 making
cape steadfast and SGS also I have an
angular fury and a ring of wealth just a
little extra boost of my hits and stuff
like that and also the luck of drops so
since the last episode the magic no
vapor has actually risen cual own price
but I brought it in bulk so hopefully
you know the new cost didn't affect me
or the series at the moment I have only
got about two point 1000 left I've still
got some buying through and I lower
pricing that's about 700 GP each and
bind them for and they are actually
coming through as quite so but they're
coming through but you know hopefully if
I do like one of these episodes a week
I'll get them by the end so I'll be
alright but I did buy them for 300k
pretty much across path of 500 so you
know as they have increased as you can
see by about 250 K it just means I can
make slightly more profit at the end of
it so I just need to remember 300k for
the end obviously so I compared the cost
of it from the profits I can obviously
see how much profit was really made but
just like last time I'll come back after
I've done some just so I can show you
the drops on the EXPEED I've got so far
and yeah I'll see you guys then alright
so just manage to level up an attack now
got 79 we're about 50 K X p.m. and forty
eight kills down as you can see but
forty eight of the ashes in my bag so
you know because the life points of
these are so much more is taking quite a
long time so about 30 40 minutes so fast
so I may not be able to fit the whole
phone in this day because I'm a bit busy
they turn of a babysitting of stuff so I
really want to upload this video today
so I'm going to do 250 for this episode
and then I'll do another 250 like in my
own time without recording it and then
you know I'll just show like the extra
profits and stuff at the beginning of
the next episode
you want to have it in the loot tab and
just show you guys it then so yeah we're
going to do is do 100 now and then all
of
to show you guys the profits of them and
because my invent is already pretty full
I'll Bank them and so I'll just go to
the bank and I'll just show you the
profit so far the price checker so yeah
I'll see you in that clip alright so
here's the loop so far from the hundred
note papers I've done and as you can see
there's actually quite a lot of range
different drops I didn't actually
realize you've got from these obviously
that you can get and I've already noted
them all together as you can see just so
they add up over each run as opposed to
taking up more space and might invent
but as well as this I did actually
manage to get a couple of charms as you
can see 18 gold 30 Crimson's and seven
green so far isn't too bad and also the
amount of XP since the last clip it's an
extra 20k up so it's pretty slow it's a
lot slower than I thought it would be
because they're like 879 per one so I
thought it to be pretty fast but you
know so beautiful the bonus xp now it's
twice as long and I don't know maybe
it's cuz their life points takes a bit
longer but 555 K so far isn't too bad I
don't think so yeah I'm going to get
back to doing earth once now and I'll
see you guys in a bit so I forgot to
mention before but I'm actually using
the new revolution combat setup so you
know I just thought to keep it a test
out and that's what my abilities are in
the yellow line and are a bit different
to how they used to be so far it does
seem to be pretty decent setup I've
customized a little bit by replacing the
zero hotkey with my protection to magic
just because that's where I'm used to
having on my own set off my customized
one so I thought it just makes a lot
easier and you know it just means that
when I press the issues right there it's
just it's just a lot easier than having
to flick it I think but the automatic
said that they give you is actually you
know it's pretty good it works from
these smaller abilities to the ones that
require more adrenaline and actually
think it's pretty useful and it works
really nicely goes to the order that
works quite thoroughly to get your
internal app pretty quickly so I just
thought that I thought in real quick
just to let you guys know that I'm using
that just in case you notice why there's
I think yellow line around it let me
know obviously what you guys think of it
if you've tried it I'm not too sure if
I'm gonna be sticking to it I might go
back to my customized one I'm not too
sure yet but yeah just I thought you
guys know so I've just managed to get a
t1 Constitution which is awesome and I'm
also only 35 min papers away from
reaching me 250 gold for this episode
I've gained quite a bit of XP as well
since I last time I showed you guys the
loop so what I'm going to do like a way
to just continue doing this and see you
guys in the next clip I'll do this till
I reach 250 and then I'll head back to
the bank put it all into my loot tab get
it all back out again just to show you
guys the overall summary of my profits
and XP progression all right so I've
just finished the extra note papers and
I've basically got all those
from my bank into my invent and this is
pretty much the overall value from why
it got from 250 so if we go back to how
much it cost me like I mentioned the
beginning of the video it was 300k I
think it was a 500 so 150 K it cost me
for the episode for the 250 and from
that you can see that I've got over 1.3
mil in return and also a few more charms
and you saw in the last clip I showed
you the loop so pretty much just like a
1.1 or 1.2 mil profit from these you
know if I did carry out for the whole
500 it essentially be double that so
we're looking at around 2.2 2.4 millet
from these just actually pretty decent
and you know pretty much the same as
we've got for last episode when I get
the extra loop if we're going on the
double factor the tab will be roughly
worth about 5 mil so fast it's pretty
decent not too bad - and of course leave
any suggestions for anything you think I
should visit for the decent XP or profit
for future episodes and like always I
shall read them and take them into
consideration before making a video but
thank you so much for watching guys
hopefully have enjoyed don't forget
leave a thumbs but we have subscribe if
you have done it already and won't see
more videos that'd be so awesome but
yeah I will see you guys in the next one
take care
you